fix: docker compose setup changes for versions previous to 8.6 (#5262)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.5/guides/getting-started-java-spring.md

1. Use the `docker-compose.yaml` file in [this repository](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform).
2. Clone this repo and run `docker compose up -d` in your terminal to start your environment.

   :::note

>    The `docker compose up -d` command will only work for enterprise customers that have access to Camunda's private registry

Reviewer: For versions earlier than 8.6, the docker compose up -d command is only available to enterprise customers with access to Camunda's private registry. However, from version 8.6 onwards, it will work for all users as Web Modeler images are made publicly available.
```suggestion
   For versions earlier than 8.6, the `docker compose up -d` command is only available to enterprise customers with access to Camunda's private registry. However, from version 8.6 onwards, it will work for all users as Web Modeler images are made publicly available.
```

> For versions earlier than 8.6, the `docker compose up -d` command is only available to enterprise customers with access to Camunda's private registry. However, from version 8.6 onwards, it will work for all users as Web Modeler images are made publicly available.

Reviewer: haha @akeller, actually the bot recommends to add the whitespace 🙈 who should I follow?

> For versions earlier than 8.6, the `docker compose up -d` command is only available to enterprise customers with access to Camunda's private registry. However, from version 8.6 onwards, it will work for all users as Web Modeler images are made publicly available.

Reviewer 2: The whole admonition looks indented for whatever reason. I think if you fix the text and the `:::` top and bottom, the bot will go away.

> For versions earlier than 8.6, the `docker compose up -d` command is only available to enterprise customers with access to Camunda's private registry. However, from version 8.6 onwards, it will work for all users as Web Modeler images are made publicly available.

Reviewer: Ah thanks 💡

>    For versions earlier than 8.6, the `docker compose up -d` command is only available to enterprise customers with access to Camunda's private registry. However, from version 8.6 onwards, it will work for all users as Web Modeler images are made publicly available.

Reviewer: Thx!

>    :::note
> For versions earlier than 8.6, the `docker compose up -d` command is only available to enterprise customers with access to Camunda's private registry. However, from version 8.6 onwards, it will work for all users as Web Modeler images are made publicly available.
>    :::
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::note
For versions earlier than 8.6, the `docker compose up -d` command is only available to enterprise customers with access to Camunda's private registry. However, from version 8.6 onwards, it will work for all users as Web Modeler images are made publicly available.
:::

```
